[bitnami/redis] Support retrieving Redis ACL user passwords from Kubernetes Secrets (#32179)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/redis/README.md

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.

> See the License for the specifbitnami/redis/README.mdic language governing permissions and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
```
